Adding blogpost for Cordi2025 (#3309)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2025-08-29-Cordi/index.md

---
title: "Galaxy at the Conference on Research Data Infrastructure (CoRDI) 2025 in Aachen"
contributions:
  authorship: [Sch-Da]
tags: [conference]
layout: news
date: "2025-08-29"
tease: "Galactic views on the Conference on Research Data Infrastructure"
subsites: [all,eu]
---
# The Freiburg Galaxy team participated in CoRDI

The [CoRDI](https://www.nfdi.de/cordi-2025/) took place in Aachen from August 25-29, 2025. 
The conference provided a fertile ground for exploring the latest advancements in data management and the ever-growing influence of digital tools in research. 
Our team engaged in several key discussions centred on the open-source platform, Galaxy, and its role in the national research data infrastructure (NFDI).

![The Galaxy Freiburg team at CoRDI](./Cordi_2025.jpg)

Education in research data management (RDM) was the focal point in the session "Educating RDM: Novel Approaches for Training & Education in RDM."

> Here, the lightning talk on "RDM Education with the Galaxy Training Network (GTN) – FAIR and Scalable RDM Training with Galaxy, GTN, and TIaaS" introduced the Galaxy Training Network and illustrated how Galaxy is instrumental in fostering scalable and fair RDM education and how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the talk on "RDM Education with the Galaxy Training Network (GTN) – FAIR and Scalable RDM Training with Galaxy, GTN, and TIaaS" introduced the GTN, how the GTN ensures the fairness of their training materials, and illustrated how Galaxy and the GTN help to facilitate scalable and fair RDM education.
```
